bind pubm - Terima~kasih banyak-banyak*Tom*   pub_thanks_Bahasa_M
bind pubm - Terima~kasih banyak*Tom*          pub_thanks_Bahasa_I
bind pubm - Terima~kasih*Tom*                 pub_thanks_Bahasa
bind pubm - Dekuji~vam*Tom*                   pub_thanks_Czech
bind pubm - Dêkuji~vam*Tom*                   pub_thanks_Czech
bind pubm - Dêkuji~vám*Tom*                   pub_thanks_Czech
bind pubm - Dekuji~vám*Tom*                   pub_thanks_Czech
bind pubm - De^kuji~vám*Tom*                  pub_thanks_Czech
bind pubm - De^kuji~vam*Tom*                  pub_thanks_Czech
bind pubm - Takk*Tom*                         pub_thanks_Icelandic
bind pubm - Tak*Tom*                          pub_thanks_Danish
bind pubm - Thank*Tom*                        pub_thanks_English
bind pubm - Dankon*Tom*                       pub_thanks_Esperanto
bind pubm - Tänan*Tom*                        pub_thanks_Estonian
bind pubm - Tanan*Tom*                        pub_thanks_Estonian
bind pubm - Kiitos*Tom*                       pub_thanks_Finnish
bind pubm - Merci*Tom*                        pub_thanks_French
bind pubm - Tankewol*Tom*                     pub_thanks_Frisian
bind pubm - Go~raibh~maith~agat*Tom*          pub_thanks_Gælic
bind pubm - Danke*Tom*                        pub_thanks_German
bind pubm - Mahalo*Tom*                       pub_thanks_Hawai`ian
bind pubm - Toda*Tom*                         pub_thanks_Hebrew
bind pubm - Köszönöm*Tom*                     pub_thanks_Hungarian
bind pubm - Koszonom*Tom*                     pub_thanks_Hungarian
bind pubm - Grazie*Tom*                       pub_thanks_Italian
bind pubm - Domo*Tom*                         pub_thanks_Japanese
bind pubm - Arigato*Tom*                      pub_thanks_Japanese
bind pubm - Kamsahamnida*Tom*                 pub_thanks_Korean
bind pubm - Kam-sa-ham-ni-da*Tom*             pub_thanks_Korean
bind pubm - Mesi*Tom*                         pub_thanks_Carib Creole
bind pubm - Mèsi*Tom*                         pub_thanks_Carib Creole
bind pubm - Dziekuje*Tom*                     pub_thanks_Polish
bind pubm - Dzie,kuje,*Tom*                   pub_thanks_Polish
bind pubm - Obrigad*Tom*                      pub_thanks_Portugese
bind pubm - Spasibo*Tom*                      pub_thanks_Russian
bind pubm - Gracias*Tom*                      pub_thanks_Spanish
bind pubm - Much*Gracias* Tom*                pub_thanks_Spanish
bind pubm - Tack*Tom*                         pub_thanks_Swedish
bind pubm - Salamat*Tom*                      pub_thanks_Tagalog
bind pubm - Diolch*Tom*                       pub_thanks_Welsh
bind pubm - A~dank~aych*Tom*                  pub_thanks_Yiddish
bind pubm - Hvala*Tom*                        pub_thanks_Yugoslav
